So did you succeed.
Let's implement this step by step together now.
We'll have to work in the bookings service for that.
There we have our ad booking and we have our canceled booking methods.
Let's start with adding a booking.
Now I will inject the angular h to be client here and I'll store it in a property named H to the P and
the H if your client is imported from not just imported added for me here but from at angular slash
common slash h t DP.
So from this path here we import the age to be client and now they're we're creating this new booking
which is okay.
And then I will do the same thing I did in the places service.
I'll use the H to the p client to send a post request and we can use to your l from the place service
as a starting point not SD full year L but as a starting point here when we're adding a single place
I will copy it and then go into my booking service and use it there.
But of course I don't want to store my bookings under the offered places note but instead under bookings
booking star Jason.
Now the second argument here is the data we do want to store and that of course is my new booking.
But without the I.D. I auto generated here.
Instead I want to use the I.D. firebase gives me so just as with the place I will copy my new booking
and overwrite the idea with a null value so that firebase will not store it this sends the post request
to add a booking we can now add the pipe method and there is a tab.
Operator And here I want to add this to my list of bookings I already have.
So first of all we need to get all these bookings which we can do with switch map operator as you learned
switch map imported from our as operators and switch map allows us to get our response data here which
includes that generate ideas which I want to store.
So I'll add my generated I.D. property up there which will be a string then in here I will set generated
IDR equal to rest data thought name because we know and that is also something we can add here with
the angle brackets after post that the data we get back here will have the same structure it has for
adding a place so an object with a name field which holds a string which is that I.D. generated by firebase.
So now I'm storing that idea and generate that I.D. other than that and switch map here I'm returning
this bookings so my list of bookings and now by the way just as in places of course we could have loaded
our app on the app place or on the book and event place and then we would fetch our list of bookings
here which initially is empty and the same for the places initially that is empty.
Now we would then add our newly added place or booking to an empty list of places or off bookings.
But this is not a huge issue because whenever we go back to the bookings or the places page we do call
fetch places or later all the fetch bookings here and therefore we will get the latest snapshot from
the server there anyways so doesn't matter here and we won't get an error because whilst we add it to
an empty list it still is a list.
So that should all work.
So we can now just go to tap where we get our bookings and then in here we can use the same logic we
used before to concatenate our new booking here to dead list of bookings.
So let me remove all of that new booking is available here because we created it outside of our observable
chain.
So outside of a function in our observable chain and with that we actually have almost everything we
need.
One thing I need to do though is on the new booking I'll override the I.D. with my generated I.D. which
I do fetch here of course and now with dad where Dana we can hopefully add a booking that also is stored
on the server.
So let's give this a try and let's wait for it his application to reload.
Let's visit this and we can't book this because we're on the wrong user to fix Dad let's quickly go
to these off servers and let's change our user I.D. again ABC so that we're not the user who created
this.
And now if this reloads click book here a random date and enter your data here click book and I'm getting
an error cannery property subscribe of undefined.
Yes because in the bookings service I probably forgot to return as observable change.
Yes I did.
So make sure to add return in front of this new observable chain and then save that and let's try again
so we're starting here.
Random date enter your data and click book.
Now there is no error and it's a booking but this takes very long.
Let's have a look at Firebase and there we actually see bookings and that is the booking I just made.
So this is basically doing the booking I just started.
So it almost works.
But this spinner never disappears.
So we're not entirely there.
Let's have a look at our place.
Detail page which is where we do in the end call this method here and on book plays in the end we call
add booking here and we subscribe and we do dismiss the loading element here.
And the reason for that is that I introduced it back here when I fetched my current bookings does bookings
list.
Of course I only want to take one here that is important otherwise just as we did it before.
Otherwise I set up an ongoing subscription which I don't want here.
So ad take one year after it is switch map and now let's wait for it to reload and let's test this here
and now this disappears as it should.
Now of course we also now see the bookings here on the bookings page.
However not if we reload the app on this page.
So this is something we should also tackle.